[Music]
welcome to story flicks
in this video we will explain barely
lethal a teenage movie about an assassin
who gets intrigued with the lives of
other teenagers
she then decides to fake her own death
and enrolls herself in a school
will she find an ordinary life like the
other teenagers
let's find out on barely lethal
barely lethal begins by showing a
building located in a remote area
the building turned out to be a special
school for educating assassins
there are many girls who become students
in this school
since childhood these girls have been
trained with heavy training
use firearms fight and perform many
dangerous stunts
a man got out of a luxury car his name
was hardman
this man is the head of this school of
assassins hardman then trains the girls
there to kill with a doll object
but one of the girls didn't kill the
doll in front of her
instead she hugged the doll like a toy
but her demeanor was definitely not a
hitman's
hardman then broke the neck of the doll
in front of all his students
this girl's name is meghan or agent 83
while next to her
there is another girl named heather
agent 84.
since childhood megan and heather have
been rivals
actually megan doesn't want to be a
hitman even though she has the skills
hardman saw the potential in megan and
made her a valuable asset
not only that megan is also very
proficient in martial arts
she was asked to fight heather in a
fight until they growing up
meghan always managed to beat heather
megan is then assigned to russia
and carries out a secret mission of
course she was very adept at disguise
and successfully carried out her mission
in germany
while on a mission megan sees a group of
teenagers having a party
in her little heart she longed to
experience adolescence like those
teenagers
getting a mission to china megan often
spends her free time watching teen
movies
she hoped to experience a loving teenage
time like in the movies she watched
upon returning to the school of
assassins hardman begins to reveal their
next mission
they are asked to arrest a hitman named
victoria it turns out that
megan was chosen to carry out the
mission heather didn't like it and was
jealous
because she wasn't the chosen one megan
finally carried out her mission
megan pretends to be a prisoner captured
by victoria's agents
and when victoria was off guard meghan
quickly beat
and tied a hook in her hand victoria was
successfully kidnapped and taken by a
plane
but at that time victoria did not remain
silent
she kept shooting at megan who was below
her until meghan had to fall into a
river
at that time hardman managed to catch
victoria but she lost meghan
meghan who was stranded on the riverbank
took the opportunity to escape from
hardman
meghan then threw away her tracking
watch as if to reveal she had died while
on a mission
megan is finally free from hardman's
trap
she then applied for a student exchange
program finally
after choosing several families she
decided to choose the larson family as
her adoptive family the day finally came
when megan would meet the larsens
the little family picked her up there
was her host single parent
a boy and a girl who was the same age as
her the girl's name is liz
when she arrived at her new home megan
was so happy because she was greeted
with
so many cute decorations her host mother
asked liz to be a good friend to megan
but liz seems to refuse
and just doesn't want to care about
megan
the next day megan went to school but
she didn't expect
that her makeup would look strange and
flashy the students in the school looked
down on her and mocked her behind her
back
but it turns out that behind her
indifferent attitude liz still cares
about meghan
she then gave her a clothe and left at
megan's school
there was an audition of school bands
during the audition
megan met a guy named roger megan also
came on stage to audition
but it turned out that she actually got
ridiculed by the present students
at that time there was another guy who
came with a guitar
this guy's name is cash and he's
definitely a great singer
megan just fell in love with cash when
she walked into class the next day
megan met roger again unexpectedly in
her class
there is also cash the teacher said that
he would pair his students as group work
partners
realizing this megan uses her skills as
a spy to hack the system and make her a
co-worker of cash
the next day was so much fun for megan
because now she was cash's school
project partner
and it made the other students jealous
of megan some girls then decided to
prank megan
they say if megan wants to make cash
even more fascinated by her
than meghan should audition as the
school mascot megan decides to audition
as the school's mascot
unexpectedly she was the only
participant who auditioned
and sure enough now megan has to wear a
big mascot uniform
but when she was the school mascot
suddenly a car stopped on the side of
the field
several men wearing black masks
immediately attacked her
megan believes the men are members of
the secret agent trying to kidnap her
she immediately beat them however it
turned out that those men are the
students who always pranked the school
mascot
megan was embarrassed and immediately
ran away
megan was so frustrated because her high
school life was not as she thought
the scene continues to the headquarters
of the assassin school
victoria who had been captured began to
be interrogated by hardman
then heather appeared and started
telling him some important news about
megan's whereabouts
when she returned to school megan was so
shocked that her action of beating up
the men in the field went viral on the
internet
this means her whereabouts can be
tracked by hardman it turned out that
the viral video also attracted the
attention of cash
cash then invited megan to come to the
cafe where his band practiced
the invitation clearly made megan fall
in love with him even more
megan was reunited with roger at the
cafe who almost beat him because megan
thought he was a bad guy
cash appeared and started singing for
megan megan was even more fascinated and
fell in love with cash
meanwhile roger could only stare at
megan from a distance
while on her way home megan had no idea
that she would be kidnapped
she was reunited with hardman because
she did not answer his questions hardman
then injected an honesty drug
finally meghan said it all as if she
just wanted to have a normal teenage
life
after being interrogated meghan was
returned to her host parents house
liz and her brother immediately rescued
megan who was lying in front of the door
but megan who is still under the
influence of the honesty drugs
begins to give liz wise advice according
to her
liz should open up to the outside world
and be more confident
at school megan eats lunch with roger
but when megan saw cash
she left roger and had lunch with cash
the next night megan and liz came to a
party that was hosted by cash
megan was shocked to find heather at the
party megan asked heather why she
followed her to the party
turns out heather was at the party
because she was asked by someone
on the other hand liz meets a man named
gooch unexpectedly
the two have similar personalities
because they are both not open to the
outside world
slowly love began to emerge between the
two
meanwhile it turns out that heather is
also passionate about cash
megan and heather then compete to gain
cash's attention
that's when roger came looking for megan
but he was so sad when he saw megan and
cash kissing
roger then decided to leave one morning
when she was about to leave for school
meghan had no idea that hardman was
disguised as a bus driver
it turns out that hardman asks megan to
rejoin his assassins club
victoria has managed to escape and he
needs megan to catch her
but megan turned down the offer even
though hardman had warned her that this
was the last offer for her
megan then go with liz but in the middle
of the trip
there is a car following them it turned
out that a mysterious man had tried to
shoot them
that's when megan swapped driving
positions with liz and immediately drove
away
megan was forced to confess to liz that
she wasn't an ordinary teenager
she is a trained assassin agent megan
struggled to avoid the car
that kept chasing her until she managed
to outwit the car and hit it
but when she checked megan couldn't see
anyone in the car
megan then calls hardman because she is
confused as to why heather was trying to
kill her it turns out that heather has
now joined the victoria team
and has become their enemy megan asks
hardman to send her weapons
but hartman refuses because now megan is
no longer part of hardman's assassin
group
megan is stressed and then meets with
roger turns out roger
came to make sure meghan was okay roger
really cares and likes meghan
meghan then apologizes to liz for
putting their family in danger
the next day meghan and liz's
relationship grew closer
they even shop together for the upcoming
homecoming party
their closeness also makes liz's mother
very happy
the homecoming party arrived now both of
them are busy dressing up beautifully
and going down to meet their boyfriends
they arrived at the homecoming party
the party looks so lively and they are
having fun
but when she was chatting with cash
megan didn't feel the chemistry with
cash
megan then saw roger who was standing
alone meghan began to
express her feelings to roger and
actually roger also really liked megan
but suddenly heather appears and says
that she is now roger's partner
realizing this megan was so angry and
couldn't accept
that heather got roger she even threw
her shoes at heather which at the same
time
caused a fight between the two because
both are trained agents
megan and heather's fight was very
fierce and horrific
finally after heather almost killed
megan liz suddenly appeared
and stabbed her in the leg with a knife
megan and liz immediately ran away
unfortunately when they got home it
turned out that someone had infiltrated
megan had no idea that victoria was in
her living room
she even managed to hold megan's
adoptive mother that's when megan
finally finds out that victoria
is agent zero one who was the first
student at hardman's assassin school
victoria said that she was just like
megan who wanted a free life
and got out of the assassin school
victoria even offers megan to join her
crew
but megan refuses the two got into a
fight
but megan is not as tough as victoria
when almost killed
suddenly hardman and his men appear
finally hardman managed to catch
victoria again
and free megan and her adoptive family
meghan who was so happy
immediately hugged hardman hartman then
gives megan the key to his helicopter
so she and liz can get back to the
homecoming party but apparently
meghan couldn't find roger at the party
she immediately left
and finally met roger megan revealed her
feeling to roger and so did roger
both are so happy because they love each
other megan finally brought roger to
come on the helicopter with her
in the back there's liz and gooch the
couples ended up flying in a helicopter
and enjoying their homecoming night in
the sky
[Music]
foreign